NMS-9581: JDBCQueryMonitor documentation (#2985)
OpenNMS/opennms: opennms-doc/guide-admin/src/asciidoc/text/service-assurance/monitors/JDBCQueryMonitor.adoc

.Monitor specific parameters for the JDBCQueryMonitor
[options="header, autowidth"]
|===
| Parameter  | Description                                                            | Required | Default value | Placeholder substitution
| `driver`   | JDBC driver class to use                                               | required | `org.postgresql.Driver` | No

> | `url`      | JDBC URL to connect to.                                                | required | `jdbc:postgresql://:OPENNMS_JDBC_HOSTNAME/opennms` | Yes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `url`      | JDBC URL to connect to                                                | required | `jdbc:postgresql://:OPENNMS_JDBC_HOSTNAME/opennms` | Yes
```

Author: https://github.com/OpenNMS/opennms/pull/2985/commits/cfa854255aeb1773e91d5a9020574d15d06fe9f2

===== Examples

====== Row Count

> The following example checks if the number of events in the {opennms-product-name} database is fewer than 250000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example checks if the number of events in the {opennms-product-name} database is fewer than 250,000.
```

Author: done with https://github.com/OpenNMS/opennms/pull/2985/commits/cfa854255aeb1773e91d5a9020574d15d06fe9f2
